---
layout: post
title: "Played In My Second Cash Game"
date: 2012-01-11 22:05
comments: true
categories: poker
---

Last night, I ended up playing a cash game. The folks there for the tournament
indicated they'd rather just play cash, so I decided to buy into the game for
$100 (min $25, max $200), and see what I could do.

Cash is a *completely* different beast compared to tournament play. I finally
feel like I'm getting a handle on inflectin points and short-stack vs. big-stack
play, but none of it seems to apply in cash games. 

<!--more-->

## Wait, what hand do I have?

After folding a few hands, I pick up 88 in UTG+1. I make it a 3xBB raise and get
called. Flop is 82T two diamonds. I keep the momentum and put in a small bet,
which gets
called. Turn is a diamond. I bet out, trying to price out diamond draws, but I
get called. 

River is NOT a diamond. I bet out half the pot and get insta-raised. After
thinking about it for a second, I call and table trips. Villain is angry but I
don't know why.

The flop was a 2. I had second-nut boat. My opponent had 82, for a weaker full
house. In my anxiety I failed to read the board properly. Had I known I had
eights full I would have 3bet shoved. I knew it, he knew it. He's also upset
because I announced trips, meaning he'd thought he'd won for a second before
reading my hand.

Later I apologized for this one. Of course it's cool, it's just poker. But damn,
I still feel pretty dumb.

## Good folds

Wake up in the SB with QQ. Love it. The pot's raised by time action gets to me,
so I 3bet and get two callers. One was med-stacked, decent but mostly watching
the football on TV; the other was a monster-stacked (I thought, at the time)
TAG.

Flop is xxJ. Having an overpair, I lead out for half the pot and get two calls.
The turn adds a flush draw to the board. Wanting to price out the draws, I put
in a near pot-sized bet. One call, but the monster stack *raises.* I tank hard.
I've already bet the entirety of my profit here, and I'm down to near my
starting $100. He's got me covered. I figure if he bets on the river I can't
call, especially if the flush hits. I'm in a raise/fold situation, and at the
time I'm not 100% convinced that I'm beat, but I can't put the rest of my money
ont the line for an overpair. I fold. I'm sure I'm playing way too tight.

River J. Check to the raiser, he bets out, and the med (now short) stack folds.
I think he was chasing the flush. Our monster-stacked opponent tables JJ. It
turns out I made a good fold after all, although I'm not 100% sure I made the
profitable call there.

## ABC poker

My strategy for the game seemed to be complete ABC poker. Pick up a good hand,
bet aggressively, hopefully take down a pot. Occasionally mix it up with drawing
hands, and keep pure bluffery to a minimum.

It worked, to a degree: the game broke a half-hour after the hand I just
described, and I walked away with a staggering **$9 profit.** 

I think for now I'll stick with tournaments for the most part. Cash games every
now and then are fun, but I'm not *really* rolled for them and that makes me a
bit uncomfortable. I'm happy playing the cheaper tournaments and slowly building
a roll that way.

For now.

